#1045: ✨ Complete MCP Server Scaffold (#1065)
overture-stack/arranger: apps/mcp-server/README.md

> [!WARNING]
> If **required** environment variables are not available or misconfigured at run time, the application will shut down immediately.

An example environment variables file is located at [`.env.schema`](./.env.schema). This example file lists all available configuration variables and is prepopulated with default values that should work to run the application locally. You can copy the contents of this file to populate a `.env`:

```bash
# from apps/mcp-server
cp .env.schema .env
```

### Environment Variables

| Name                       | Description                                                             | Type     | Required     | Default                 |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------ | ----------------------- |
| `ARRANGER_BASE_URL`        | URL for the Arranger Server                                             | `string` | **Required** | `http://localhost:5050` |
| `ARRANGER_CATALOGUES`      | Comma-separated list of Arranger catalogues to expose to the MCP Server | `string` | **Required** | `server`                |

> | `ARRANGER_REQUEST_TIMEOUT` | Timeout for requests to Arranger                                        | `number` | Optional     | `10_0000`               |

Reviewer: as defined in env.schema and code 👍 
```suggestion
| `ARRANGER_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_MS` | Timeout for requests to Arranger                                        | `number` | Optional     | `10_000`               |
```

| `MCP_HOST`                 | Host URL for the MCP server                                             | `string` | Optional     | `0.0.0.0`               |
| `MCP_PORT`                 | Port the MCP Server will listen for requests on                         | `number` | Optional     | `3100`                  |

> | `MCP_PATH`                 | Endpoint for the MCP Stremable HTTP transport                           | `string` | Optional     | `/mcp`                  |

Reviewer: tiny typo
```suggestion
| `MCP_PATH`                 | Endpoint for the MCP Streamable HTTP transport                           | `string` | Optional     | `/mcp`                  |
```
